To force that uppercase name,
we can just go ahead and add the
spring.jpa.hibernate.naming.physical‑strategy=org.hibernate.boot.model.naming.PhysicalNamingStrategyStandardImpl
in our application.properties.
And once we save this, inside of our user object,
we can come in here and say conf_users,
and this will force that to an uppercase naming convention.
Let's restart our server and switch over to our MySQL Workbench.
Refreshing our schema, we can see that our tables are now named
how we thought they would be, conf_users,
and it has updated everything.
And since it was named the same as the lowercase version,
it did update that to uppercase because it could
alter that table that it was tied to.
As we mentioned before, when we were switching complete table names,
it didn't know how to bind that other one anymore,
and so it just left it there, where this one will update it to the correct naming conventions.